doc(backup): configurable bkup block size (#1164)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.10.0/important-notes/_index.md

Longhorn currently does not support live upgrading of V2 volumes. Ensure that all V2 volumes are detached before initiating the upgrade process.

### Newly Introduced Functionalities since Longhorn v1.9.0

## Backup And Restore

### Configurable Backup Block Size

> Beginning with Longhorn v1.10.0, users can configure the backup block size during volume creation. This enhancement introduces a backward compatibility limitation: backups created from volumes using non-default backup block sizes (anything other than the default 2MiB) are incompatible with Longhorn v1.9.x and earlier versions. Consequently, such backups cannot be restored on clusters running these older Longhorn releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Longhorn v1.10.0, users can configure the backup block size during volume creation. This feature provides greater flexibility but introduces a backward compatibility limitation: backups created with a non-default block size (anything other than the default 2 MiB) are **not compatible** with Longhorn v1.9.x or earlier. As a result, these backups **cannot be restored** on clusters running those earlier versions.
```
